DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/transactions/key-transactions/introduction-key-transactions.mdx

  - Key transactions
translate:
  - jp

> metaDescription: 'In APM, key transactions are used to monitor your application''s important or unique transactions and processes.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: In APM, key transactions are used to monitor your application''s important or unique transactions and processes.
```
